feat(meta-tx): First version (#612)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/useful-tools/meta-tx.md

---
title: Meta Transactions
lang: en-US
---

## What are those?

Meta-transactions let users sign transactions that are then submitted (and the gas paid for) by somebody else. 
Optimism is a good place for meta-transactions because the low gas costs make it possible to explore business models that allow for payment for transactions by other means.

Here are some example use cases for meta-transactions:

- **On boarding**. 
  Users who aren't committed to web3 yet need to pay and go through [KYC](https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/markets/digital-identity-and-security/banking-payment/issuance/id-verification/know-your-customer) before they can do anything.

>   This a bad initial experience that can cause people to decide they prefer to investigate something else, especially for non-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a bad initial experience that can cause people to decide they prefer to investigate something else, especially for non-
```

>   This a bad initial experience that can cause people to decide they prefer to investigate something else, especially for non-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This a bad initial experience that can cause people to decide they prefer to investigate something else, especially for first time crypto users. 
```

- **Privacy**.
  It's easy to use a new address for privacy purposes.

>   It is a lot harder to transfer ETH to the new address privately without it being traceable to you, making the new address useless.

Reviewer: Not sure if I'd say the address is useless, so much as connected to your identity.
